moment that I saw that for me I do not understand that it would not stop when
I wanted
the despair was so much
what I did I left in search of the drug there I started to think that it is there -
They say there's no solution, it's just a lost case. I'm a lost case.
so come on
at the time of the beginning
of self drugs after marijuana cigarette successively to your family
has an important role for you either or has dragged
this is another point
who often even men played the canopy using their parents but in fact
his parents until the time they formed in all this
and you wanted
who is alone whether or not it was true or not
7 I wanted to pay to see what they said right.
my mother
My parents tired of alerting me
about why I was running
Terex saw that
Luis himself commented Ana
too much rain and do not want to see and when they saw it they tried to alert me
and they will tell you that you did not want to give a workshop
I worked
so my family played an important role
I believe in myself but they will believe
they still believed that you could leave home
will continue to have that I could leave this much that my mother came to
seek help
arrived for help in mutual aid groups
then day dies of manager of
said that you do not even talk
natalie
a certain point I arrived and I told her
because she is attending these groups if she had no problem
indicator
You thought there was no problem and I thought there was no problem.
it is the negation as it comments
in this the denial is not only of the parents but that's it lucena until saying is that
the disease actually
she is a collective of the family as a whole
is not restricted to the chemical dependent or is the whole family of s almost
is not making use of the drug
as dependent chemical so sick is more than support is not the key
because the patient himself in the submission and I think he
has nothing to do with the list are cup
the drama of the cause of this thousands know that it is coming the end of the well
have so pulled
is extremely complicated and often contribute to the team
have families that still
give money he got to a point where they start to demand they start a
they start doing
studies and
increase manipulate
have families
that she continued
Indian has families coming
not expose the child does not see that he himself who favor the talat factory
while France already spoke looking here
a question that arose just days
Your father and what are you going to look for?
how open it tells that the child is dependent chemist
recommend domains if exposed at the time of buying the drug he will buy himself
drug and ask if you end up encouraging were to happen
he is exposing himself exposes the eldest son is supposed
it's not people usually say that it would not close
the sisnema
is the same disease is the same as sakhir accounts and for sure
yes the attempt to control itself try can control each pending
chemist has
without regard to drug use
and he ends up having it because otherwise I go as I'm going to buy drugs for him
because we signed in house at home he protected the animals allows
think
we never lied that blood was next door
a young couple from outside the house
can consume what the father was against what the father was not
with the father he will also buy will continue
What does this country have to do?
because it has reached this level it is opportune
and hospitalization
the hospitalization of the
Do you believe that in some cases we
but the only way to get the child out of the well and really
class
to taste
force in many cases without
that leaves the door
by the very will of the chemical dependent
It's as it is commented often it does not give time because so
is the desperation is so great that it will try to consume more and more
try to kill myself.
And there's no way, so I'd rather die.
in that continue on this level alas even so who the boy once to be
without intervention.
a reporter from the agency heavy compulsory hospitalization
for the person has no possibility of life this happens
often with people who even got to lose everything really well
It is on the street
on account of drugs, it is only necessary to lose life in many cases.
person only succeed
a request for help but this is not always possible
then the possibility of hospitalization may be made
the worst in conditions to recover so and opted for absolutely everything
did you know
kind of a deal with the boys mário pt all the irish people she trusts in
You, but do not make it ugly for you to see São Paulo and Rio.
I have here today
What do you do in the project?
in an hour and 25 minutes
the service must be said
The port always has an excuse.
always has since
she lives
with this delay 30 days south toffoli
then you have to wait 30 days later when it arrives on the 40th day the norm
since last week on a drink an example is the question of Ceylon ia
fall there always win your football
and then we'll try something
of the other trying another and always the denial as the cell commented them
I do not want to take on one of the cases
no after much talk after much
there was awareness that
I would accept an eternal
only here in opera clinic
walking clinic
what works from 10am sometimes paulo
it works who has a very clear conscience
and who really is of initial rupture of
the people who need your help and it will be important
we did it voluntarily and want to do it
but with awareness
some cases most of the claim claim is that it will gain from
Christmas
at the time he was in need of luck
the artist was sure that it would not be because at all times that
I would have been talking
discovers that his children know
election is a complicated thing you know
Why you?
first warnings thereafter of 3 three years after two three years
I believe you have Alex
for you to have the conscience
I would say that he
of the month in six months
where the consciousness
in qualifying climates
to be able to still
I still denied until the moment I arrived I had already defined
the initiative after we talked to the wife, we talked
the shanghai expo
involves a girlfriend girlfriend as well which was not the first sign
I was not dependent
Then he also talked via ivelise
and I'm the type of guy